# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)

The barrier between human and machine thinking is quite babylonian in nature. It comes down to computer language and comprehension being fundamentally different from they way humans learn to communicate and understand one another. Even without speaking the same language, we can effectively interpret much of what someone conveys. Lacking all of this, a machine or browser must be very precisely communicated with to ensure it understands the intent of a programmer. Where semantic elements become important is by summarizing a large set of guidelines and intent. These guidelines in and of themselves are made up of functions and symbols intended to compress the coding process from an endless line of zeros and ones to something more digestible for programmers to work with. In short, semantic elements are critical for bridging the gap between an interactable html for a programmer, and a properly interpreted set of guidelines for machines and browsers.

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.

<a href="[Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/gKPjx91.png)">Post Formats<a>

 Presentation, for the most part, determines how easily a reader can absorb the main information in a web page. Moreover, it helps control where their attention shifts towards as they scroll from top to bottom. The left image layout for example has the article wrap around the image. This allows the reader to directly refer to it while reading the content related to the image. For a historical figure this would be more important as it helps to visualize who exactly is being talked about to better associate it in future readings of that individual. A large historical event might make use of the right image layout where the historical image functions more as a banner to set the theme of a broad set of information. Art of a battlefield or an old landscape would set the tone of an article on perhaps a historical war or society. Similarly, the placement of the sources section would either encourage or discourage one from keeping their attention on the article itself or to move onto more specific or important details for sub-sections of the topic. This is especially useful for an overview page which does not simply want to link to another article, rather to link to sources which go into greater depth on than the overview.

